Privacy Policy

ManGo built the CS Timer app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by ManGo at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at CS Timer unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any kind of data except from the data mentioned in the Log Data section.

Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

Children’s Privacy
Our applciation can be addressed to an audience of any age.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

DMCA Policy
All the content in CSTimer application is readily available in various places on the Internet and believed to be in public domain. Content (including images and videos) posted are eblieved to be posted within ou rights according to the U.S. Copyright Fair Use Act (Title 17 , U.S. Code.)

If your copyrighted material has been used in CSTimer application or if links to your copyrighted material are returned through an search engine and you want this material removed, you must provide a written communication that details the information listed in the following section.

The following elements must be included in your copyright infringement claim:

Provide evidence of the authroized person to act on behalf of the owner of and exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You must identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work to have been infringed and including at least one search term under which the material appears in CSTimer application.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Must be signed by the authorized person to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed.

Send the following data to: max.gana93@gmail.com

* Your name
* Your email
* Subject
* Identify and describe the copyrighted work
* Proof that you own the copyrighted work


Please allow us 1-3 business days for an email response.


Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at max.gana93@gmail.com.
